I like to be selfish and say that I could never have
learned this anywhere but Texas A&M.
Certainly that's not correct, but I think a person
can get out of nearly anything that you do, say, or
associate with about what you want to get out of it.
I would like to think that I could have gone to most
any school that offered the things that the Texas
A&M did and gotten a basic background.
Here again, I'm not sure that I would have been as
pleased with it as I was with A&M because I had an
ingrained love for A&M. I had been associated,
lived near here, but I'm just not sure that all the
things that that I got there that I could have
gotten just anywhere across the board.
I'm an Aggie at heart. I just don't believe there's
any place like it. But here again, there are many
fine places, and I've got to be. Anything else that
we missed that we should talk about? No, I don't
know of anything that we've missed, but I would
like to just...
have pass a word to the succeeding people that come
along and particularly I guess young military
students and that is that
many people that have gone on before us have as the
saying goes have fought bled and died that that we
could have what we've got and I think that I could
say to these young fellows, the way that you and I
can pay our debt to the past is make the future
indebted to us. And I think so many times that
people say, oh, you know, there's nothing worth
working for anymore. There's nothing worth
fighting for anymore. And that's not right. I
think we all have got a responsibility to take care
of, and if we take care of it like the head of us did,
we'll continue to be great. And I have the greatest
admiration for a bunch of young ROTC students that
have chosen to take military training, and
particularly now when it's in in a few years past
that was so unpopular yeah and i think uh i think
that's a that's a feather in their head and i think
that kind of person is going to be a good leader and i
think they they'll say into the rest of the world
you know this is this is important and regardless
what you think about it i'm going to do it and i have
an admiration for those people and i also think
that that the fact that it's voluntary is a feather
in their hat. And I also think that another thing
that's made A&M great is the Corps of Cadets. That
has really been a stabilizing influence on that
university over the years. They've had some
turmoils. They've had some unrests and some
demonstrations of tempted and I think the Coral
Cadets is to a great degree responsible for
holding the boat steady and staying firm and
staying strong and you know speaking out, showing
up where they need to be, wearing the uniform. I
think that's another one of the reasons an Aggie is
respected where he goes and he's like he's looked
up to. And I think the fact that A&M University has
provided more officers for the defense of this
country than any other place, including West
Point, is also another tribute to these fellows
who have got all this ahead of them. I think this is
something for them to strive to keep up. So I just
say to them, you know, Well, keep going. Keep at it.
You've heard that saying about not asking a man if
he's an Aggie, haven't you? You know, you're not
supposed to ask a man if he's an Aggie. They say that
you should not ask a fella if he's an Aggie, because
if he isn't, she don't want to embarrass him, and if
he is, he'll tell you soon enough. Yeah, right.
That's
not much of a note to end this thing on. Well, this is
a nice thought that you had about the Corps, and
that's an excellent way, I think, on ending this
very enjoyable interview that we've had. Thank
you very much, General Hanover. I certainly
appreciate it. Well, I would say this to you,
Terry. I think it's a great undertaking that you
have gotten into, and Here again, this is
voluntary. Nobody told you to. And I think it will
pay tribute to some of us who have been more
successful than others, whatever the reason. And
if the things that we have said or the ideas that
we've portrayed can be of any significant use to
anybody, I think your undertaking is certainly
pay off. I know that you and this young lady are
going to work on it or are going to put a lot of effort
into it even though that's your job. It's still a
it's still a thing that I would hope a lot of people
could have a lot of enjoyment out of and maybe get
some ideas and I thank you. Well thanks to the
former students too. Well that's right. Support
on us that was a great move on their part. Thank you.